[feature] WiFi mesh integration #170 (#179)
openwisp/openwisp-network-topology: README.rst

.. code-block:: shell

    sudo apt install -y sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev \

>                         libspatialite-dev libsqlite3-mod-spatialite

Reviewer: I recommend separating these two lines and add a comment above the spatialite line to communicate that these are needed for the OpenWISP Controller integration app to run tests, we need clarify why spatialite is needed here because this will raise a few eyebrows since this app does not need GIS features.

    cd openwisp-network-topology/
    python setup.py develop

> Start InfluxDB using Docker:

Reviewer: Same here, let's clarify why this is needed.

.. code-block:: shell

    cd tests/

>     export WIFI_MESH=1

Reviewer: is this always needed? Let's clarify if it's required, optional and what it does.

Author: I have updated the test project to avoid bloating the instructions

.. code-block:: shell

    ./runtests.py

>     WIFI_MESH=1 ./runtests.py

Reviewer: same here

  - the management IP address of the related device is updated straightaway
  - if OpenWISP Monitoring is enabled, the device checks are triggered (e.g.: ping)

> - if OpenWISP Monitoring is enabled, the system can automatically create topology

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- if OpenWISP Monitoring is installed and enabled, the system can automatically create topology
```

Please also add a link to the repository of OpenWISP Monitoring.

>   for the WiFi Mesh(es) present in the network using the monitoring data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for the WiFi Mesh (802.11s) interfaces using the monitoring data provided by the agent.
```

who have the necessary permissions to access the objects which
belong to the organizations the user manages.

``OPENWISP_NETWORK_TOPOLOGY_WIFI_MESH_INTEGRATION``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

+--------------+---------------+
| **type**:    |   ``boolean`` |
+--------------+---------------+
| **default**: |   ``False``   |
+--------------+---------------+

> When enabled, topologies will be automatically created for WiFi mesh(es) present on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, network topology objects will be automatically created and 
updated based on the WiFi mesh interfaces peer information supplied
by the monitoring agent. 
```

the network.

> **Note:** The topologies are created using the device monitoring data reported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The network topology objects are created using the device monitoring data collected
```

who have the necessary permissions to access the objects which
belong to the organizations the user manages.

``OPENWISP_NETWORK_TOPOLOGY_WIFI_MESH_INTEGRATION``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

+--------------+---------------+
| **type**:    |   ``boolean`` |
+--------------+---------------+
| **default**: |   ``False``   |
+--------------+---------------+

When enabled, topologies will be automatically created for WiFi mesh(es) present on

> When enabled, network topology objects will be automatically created and

Reviewer: The lines above seems to be repeated twice, please review the whole paragraph.

updated based on the WiFi mesh interfaces peer information supplied
by the monitoring agent.

**Note:** The network topology objects are created using the device monitoring data
collected by OpenWISP Monitoring. Thus, it requires
`integration with OpenWISP Controller and OpenWISP Monitoring
<#integration-with-openwisp-controller-and-openwisp-monitoring>`_ to be enabled

> on the Django project.

Reviewer: I'd write to be enabled in, rather than enabled on.
